README.md, before:

# BBDMA

# Business Boost Digital marketing Agency

A modern, responsive business website built to help agencies and small businesses showcase their services professionally.


## 📖 About the Project

**Business Boost Agency** is a frontend website project designed to represent a digital agency.  
The goal of this project is to practice real-world website structure, clean UI design, and responsive layouts using core web technologies.

This project focuses on simplicity, performance, and professional presentation.



## 🚀 Live Demo
🔗 Live Demo:  https://abhi8hero.github.io/Business-Boost-Agency/                                                                                                       
🚧 Currently running local


## 📸 Screenshots
<img width="1918" height="910" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/7c1b555b-297f-4df0-9dca-d9cf6a253b76" />
<img width="1918" height="910" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/87ff9349-d983-4e84-9d28-9d6a8058a908" />
<img width="1919" height="913" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/61cfbef3-072b-4f8a-a32f-0a3910b8b82d" />
<img width="1919" height="70" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/44614e49-2138-4b0c-b9ae-411725bf1285" />


## ✨ Features
- Responsive and modern design
- Clean and well-structured layout
- Fast loading performance
- Easy to customize
- Beginner-friendly codebase



## 🛠️ Tech Stack
 **HTML5** – Structure.                                                                                                                                                                                      
 **CSS3** – Styling & layout.                                                                                              
 **JavaScript** – Interactivity.                                                                                                                


## 👨‍💻 Developed By                                                                                        
Abhishek Ugare                                                                                                                                                                                   
Email: abhishekugare1289@gmail.com                                
LinkedIn: ####                                                                                                                                    
Portfolio: ####

Commit message:

Update LinkedIn link in README

README.md, after:

# BBDMA

# Business Boost Digital marketing Agency

A modern, responsive business website built to help agencies and small businesses showcase their services professionally.


## 📖 About the Project

**Business Boost Agency** is a frontend website project designed to represent a digital agency.  
The goal of this project is to practice real-world website structure, clean UI design, and responsive layouts using core web technologies.

This project focuses on simplicity, performance, and professional presentation.



## 🚀 Live Demo
🔗 Live Demo:  https://abhi8hero.github.io/Business-Boost-Agency/                                                                                                       
🚧 Currently running local


## 📸 Screenshots
<img width="1918" height="910" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/7c1b555b-297f-4df0-9dca-d9cf6a253b76" />
<img width="1918" height="910" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/87ff9349-d983-4e84-9d28-9d6a8058a908" />
<img width="1919" height="913" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/61cfbef3-072b-4f8a-a32f-0a3910b8b82d" />
<img width="1919" height="70" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/44614e49-2138-4b0c-b9ae-411725bf1285" />


## ✨ Features
- Responsive and modern design
- Clean and well-structured layout
- Fast loading performance
- Easy to customize
- Beginner-friendly codebase



## 🛠️ Tech Stack
 **HTML5** – Structure.                                                                                                                                                                                      
 **CSS3** – Styling & layout.                                                                                              
 **JavaScript** – Interactivity.                                                                                                                


## 👨‍💻 Developed By                                                                                        
Abhishek Ugare                                                                                                                                                                                   
Email: abhishekugare1289@gmail.com                                
LinkedIn: www.linkedin.com/in/abhishek-ugare-1021302a9                                                                                                                                   
Portfolio: ####
